The Lost and Found Office in New York City
Welcome to the New York City Lost and Found Office.
People often lose things when they're traveling or when they're in a hurry.
They leave things on planes, on trains, on buses, and in taxis.
That's why there are Lost and Found offices at airports and stations.
The New York City Lost and Found Office is very big.
Hundreds of people come here every day.
They are looking for their phones, cameras, watches, computers, and many other things.
We usually have about 2,000 mobile phones and 1,000 cameras.
At the moment there are also some strange things at the New York City Lost and Found Office.
There are about a hundred bikes and a large boat.
There are also a lot of animals.
This week there are three dogs, two ducks, and a pig.
Who's are they?
Are they yours?
We don't know.
Are you looking for 15 kilos of sausages?
They're here too.